What kind of scary do you want?

I want this to be mostly a thriller. Like Scream or like Lethal Company. Where the fear comes from anxiety, from the wait, 
from the unknown. There is something chasing you, but you don't know where it is. These long periods of anxiety is then
broken up by action packed, andrenaline pumping moments, where life or death is determined by your action.

-------------------------------------------------

What is the story?

"Fear is what kills us all."

"Don't be afraid of fear my child, for fear is what keeps us alive. However, it is also what keeps us stagnant, unmoving. 
It is what keeps you from becoming who you want to be. So don't be afraid to be afraid, embrace it my child. Remember, 
courage is not the absence of fear, but the will to take action even in the presence of your greatest fear."

"Master your fear and you will truly live."

-------------------------------------------------

The story/game is a metaphor for the emotion of fear itself. Fear is what keeps us from our dreams. To represent fear, we use
a monster attracted to fear. A monster is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of being afraid. It is literally built
into our nature, encoded into our DNA. Fear of monsters (of predators) is what kept humans alive in our early history. But now, fear,
our natural instincts that protected us so, doesn't work in the modern world. It is what keeps us stuck, unable to do anything. 
To represent that aspect, we use a light, a comfortable and safe place that we all just want to stay at. To represent our dreams
we use a dim path with a flicker of light at the end to represent the journey. The monster, fear, will be hunting you as you travel 
down the path. To "overcome your fears" you have to outsmart and avoid the monster and reach the end. But be careful, don't be too 
afraid, because to sense "fear" the monster can hear your heartbeat. The faster it beats, or the more "scared" you are, the easier it 
will be for the monster to find you.

Quotes:
1. Only when we are no longer afraid, do we begin to live.
2. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.

-------------------------------------------------

Gameplay

Player starts at a campfire/light. A safe place.

On a look around, player sees eyes staring back through the darkness (some other creature). The player hears growling, and sniffing, stomping
but the creature or thing making those sounds seem to never approach the campfire. The campfire is slowly dying out. 

A light in the distance shines brightly.

A torch lies unlit by the campfire.

Does the player risk leaving the campfire for the light? Or do they stay where it's safe?

The player moves towards the light, torch in hand, warding away the darkness.

They take one step at a time, listening to the sniffing, growling, stomping circling them. The campfire grows ever dimmer as the player
walks farther and farther. 

The torch runs out and the darkness envelopes the player. Their heart begins pounding. The light in the distance seems to be closer.

The player makes a mad dash towards the light.

Upon smelling the spike in fear, the monster roars and sprints after the player. Of course, there is no outrunning fear. It always
catches up.

The player dies. Their first attempt.

This time, the player takes it slow. 

They try to control their fear as the monster prowls around them, unsure of where the player is.

Slowly but surely, the player makes their way towards the light.

It's beautiful.

They reach out, and as soon as their hand touches the light, the world lights up.